Thank you very much for everyone coming and participating, and thank you, wherever.
Again, we are going to reflect the teaching, and we are going to practice this, and therefore rest
ate the motivation.
A tension, the motivation, is that instrumental, and a very condition to develop all of our
spiritual Adam practices.
With all the beautiful motivation, the spiritual growth will not come.
That never comes. That's it. The period. There is nothing, really, any other kind of like questions
or anything.
And what is that? That is a joy. It's nothing kind of extra or nitty or this kind of strange things
.
Something that we all know, the basic goodness valid, that we have to activate at our colleges.
Joy and apprehensions. Joy and apprehensions. Everybody knows. It's not something that
extraordinary things that we are discussing here.
We are touching to the basic goodness of God and of ourselves. So, joy and apprehensions.
And then bodhicitta. Of course, bodhicitta has terminology of the Buddhism, Buddha's teaching.
But what is bodhicitta? It's kindness, compassion, love.
And wisely, to activate that, what's the knowledge? That is, again, nothing strange.
Nothing, any different things of Buddhism, Dharma, or anything. It's basic goodness for every
living beings.
That's what the Buddha said. It's true. It's not just the Buddha said. We are believing that.
They are above that. And then we have going to the purity understanding of the natures.
Purity. That means we are trying to kind of go beyond of the dualities.
We have to revert the exactly natural quality as it is free from the blockage of the dualities or
the samsara dharmas.
That is known as the purity understanding. The nature reality level is pure.
Basic goodness is pure. Love is pure, compassion is pure, wisdom is pure, joy is pure, devotion is
pure.
We are going to activate that quality. That quality.
And not just the excluded quality ones. We are going to spread out, break every border, boundaries
of the borders.
Clap their borders and spread out. Exaluate things up. That is the quality of the Vayayana
teachings.
Vayayana means diamonds. Courage like diamonds, compassion like diamonds, wisdom like diamonds,
and realization like bed diamonds, fearlessness like diamonds to discover our innate true nature.
Our goodness qualities. That's what is known as diamonds like diamonds.
So discover that quality. Exactly as it is.
That is known as the purity understanding. Pure perspectives. Other Vayayan understands.
And the looking level is known as the dharmakayas.
We have got many of you already know that there are three dharmakayas. Dharmakaya, sambhokaya, and
namakayas.
Also not really any different kind of like different things.
Hardness means we are bringing new things here.
Buddha pointed, Buddha summoned, Buddha pointed, Guru Pima Sama pointed out and all those great
monks pointed out.
The three kaya is with us. And that we are going to discuss here in the Dharmakaya teachings.
Three kayas. That three kaya is not just excluding things in the corner, the narrow corner side of
that.
Three kaya is the pervasive corner for every direction. Every way. That is the realization.
The narrow corner is duality. That is samsara. That is trouble. That is blockage.
That's what we can't relate. All struggling with all the time, carrying one up another.
We are going to break through that. That's the whole purpose of practice and meditation. All this.
So therefore, wrist length and all this beautiful motivation, beautiful thought.
That is really the essential key of every fulfillment, every success, successful of our realization
,
our developments in our goodness and I would like to benefit it to myself, one's own self, to the
other's base.
There is nothing, any other alternative than reactivating the good motivation, the goodness
motivation.
So therefore, that is what always in the teachings say and all the great masters say.
One up another and the K.T. body here in his home in the dual
always repeated those teachings and not just only them. Everyone said one voice and we should
release that in that qualities.